So I'm again back in X code loaded by project they're connected my iPhone.
I now click on the run button and this will install it on the iPhone.
Now let's see it run there.
This is the app now we're running on the iPhone.
And I'll start by signing up a new user.
So let me add the test free user with the test free at taske dot com.
Email address and I'll enter a valid password here sign up sign you up.
There we are.
Looks good.
Looks promising.
Let's like out first and let's try that.
Sign in with dead newly created user test free at test dot com.
This also allows us to test something else in a second.
Once I did hopefully entered the right password here if I now go to recipes and try to load recipes
here this shouldn't work right because we're now on a different user.
Shall we.
So we shouldn't see the recipes of the average user and indeed we don't.
So let's now create a new recipe here.
Again it's maybe getting boring but you know I don't have that many recipes.
That's at Tastee Let's switch this to hard to mix it up let's add the ingredient it's all about testing
anyways right.
So French fries like this let's add it here.
And let's click.
New recipe to have this recipe.
And now I want to store it is it's I want to store this year by clicking on save.
Please wait.
Looks good.
Let's get rid of it here let's load it.
Well awesome here it is.
Now if I click on Add ingredients to shopping list here let's go to the shopping list.
Clicked twice so you'll see both ingredients.
Not too bad.
Let's save them.
Now let's try this after deleting them.
Here we are.
The data is back.
This looks pretty good to me.
We got a working application.
We got a working authentication flow and were able to send our data to the server and retrieve it from
there.